Update active folder to support both LIST and SEARCH methods (#10439)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/active_folder.html.markdown

* `parent` - (Required) The resource name of the parent Folder or Organization.

> * `rest_method` - (Optional) The method to use to search for the folder. Both `LIST` and `SEARCH` are supported. The default value is `LIST` as SEARCH is [eventually consistent](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v3/folders/search#:~:text=eventually%20consistent) while `LIST` is [strongly consistent](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v3/folders/list#:~:text=list()%20provides%20a-,strongly%20consistent,-view%20of%20the).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rest_method` - (Optional) The API method to use to search for the folder. Valid values are `LIST` and `SEARCH`. `LIST` is [strongly consistent](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v3/folders/list#:~:text=list()%20provides%20a-,strongly%20consistent,-view%20of%20the) and requires `resourcemanager.folders.list` on the parent folder, while `SEARCH` is [eventually consistent](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v3/folders/search#:~:text=eventually%20consistent) and only returns folders that the user has `resourcemanager.folders.get` permission on.
```

Author: done
